add a short section on atomics (#257)
Quansight-Labs/free-threaded-compatibility: docs/faq.md

If you spell it this way, `FREETHREADED_BUILD` will be `False` on the
GIL-enabled build and `True` for free-threaded builds.

## I'm trying to build a library on Windows, but MSVC says "C atomic support is not enabled"

> This happens when a C project uses [atomic operations](porting-extensions.md#lock-free-concurrent-programming-with-atomics) that are part of the C standard library in the C11 and C17 standards. MSVC does not yet fully support C standard library atomics, but it does have experimental support. You can enable it by passing `/experimental:c11atomics` to MSVC as a compiler option. Precisely how to do this will depend on the project. For an example in a project that uses setuptools, see [`coveragepy` pull request number 2020](https://github.com/nedbat/coveragepy/pull/2020/files).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This happens when a C project uses [atomic operations](porting-extensions.md#lock-free-concurrent-programming-with-atomics) that are part of the C standard library in the C11 and C17 standards. MSVC does not yet fully support C standard library atomics, but it does have experimental support. You can enable it by passing `/experimental:c11atomics` to MSVC as a compiler option. Precisely how to do this will depend on the project. For an example in a project that uses setuptools, see [`coveragepy` PR #2020](https://github.com/nedbat/coveragepy/pull/2020/files).
```
